Salto-1239 support include list based fetches for Netsuite (#2154)
salto-io/salto: packages/netsuite-adapter/config_doc.md

## Configuration example
```hcl
netsuite {

>   fetch = {

Reviewer: I cannot comment on code you didn't modify but please pay attention that there is missing documentation in row 42

| ----------------------------------------------------| ------------------------| -----------
| [fetch.include](#fetch-include-configuration-options)                                  | Include everything                               | Specifies items to fetch. Items that do not match any of the include criteria will not be fetched
| [fetch.exclude](#fetch-exclude-configuration-options)                                  | [] (Exclude nothing)                             | Specifies items to not fetch. Items that match any of the exclude criteria will not be fetched even if they also match some of the include criteria
| deployReferencedElements                            | false                   | Deployment of a certain configuration element will include all elements referred by it
| [client](#sdf-client-configuration-options)         | {} (no overrides)       | Configuration relating to the SDF client used to interact with netsuite
| [suiteAppClient](#salto-suiteapp-client-configuration-options)             | {} (no overrides)       | Configuration relating to the Salto SuiteApp client used to interact with netsuite

> | [deploy](#salto-deploy-flags)                       | undefined (all flags have 'false' value)        | Configuration deploy optional flags

Reviewer: I am not sure `undefined (all flags have 'false' value)` is correct for the long run. I think it would be better to leave empty

Author: regarding your first comment, should I make a function validateDeployParams that checks if deploy has the right form? (as we did with validateQueryParams)
If so, should I check it holds only boolean fields? (I think checking the key of the fields is not smart at this point since we are about to add more flags to 'deploy' section)

Reviewer: It should check that the format of the deploy params is correct.
If you assume that there will always be only boolean fields, it's fine for now, otherwise you can search for named keys that have boolean or undefined values.

| Name                                                | Default when undefined  | Description
| ----------------------------------------------------| ------------------------| -----------
| [fetch.include](#fetch-include-configuration-options)                                  | Include everything                               | Specifies items to fetch. Items that does not match any of the include criteria will not be fetched

> | [fetch.exclude](#fetch-exclude-configuration-options)                                  | [] (Exclude nothing)                             | Specifies items to not fetch. Items that matches any of the exclude criteria will not be fetched even if it also matches some of the include criteria

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [fetch.exclude](#fetch-exclude-configuration-options)                                  | [] (Exclude nothing)                             | Specifies items to not fetch. Items that match any of the exclude criteria will not be fetched even if they also match some of the include criteria
```

| [fetch.exclude](#fetch-exclude-configuration-options)                                  | [] (Exclude nothing)                             | Specifies items to not fetch. Items that matches any of the exclude criteria will not be fetched even if it also matches some of the include criteria
| deployReferencedElements                            | false                   | Deployment of a certain configuration element will include all elements referred by it
| [client](#sdf-client-configuration-options)         | {} (no overrides)       | Configuration relating to the SDF client used to interact with netsuite
| [suiteAppClient](#salto-suiteapp-client-configuration-options)             | {} (no overrides)       | Configuration relating to the Salto SuiteApp client used to interact with netsuite
| concurrencyLimit                                    | The higher value between `suiteAppConcurrencyLimit` and `sdfConcurrencyLimit`                    | Limits the max number of concurrent API calls (Both SDF calls and Salto SuiteApp calls). The number should not exceed the concurrency limit enforced by the upstream service.

> ### SDF Client configuration options

Reviewer: Why did you remove that one?
